API Client that must be handled by implementing gRPC API Server with business logic (#1)
coopnorge/interview-backend: api/README.md

# Contribute instructions

> Make sure you have before:

Reviewer: Perhaps:
```suggestion
Prerequisites:
```

- [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install)
- [Buf for proto-files management](https://buf.build/docs/installation)

> Check make file in root of the project for compiling go code from proto-files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the `Makefile` in root of the project for compiling go code from proto-files.
```
